This is a game to compete and earn the most stock (strock) in a company, or more likely many companies, to gain control and a point from that company, however you're not
alone in this deadly competition as other diseases with fancy degrees are coming for the same prize. Do you think you can strock up to the task?

Official Rules:

Before playing the players must pick a character from the choices of diseases available and setup three different piles of cards (which are explained further below)
These are the strock deck, the event deck and the table

At the start of the players turn is the pickup phase where the player has a choice of three actions
	1. Draw one strock card from the deck
	2. Choose one card from the table and place a card from the deck onto the table
	3. Pick up any number of cards and replace them with cards from the hand

After the pickup phase the player can then play:
	1. All strocks of the same colour onto a single company
	2. No cards and pass their turn over to the next player

After the player's turn they must pick up an event card

2. Max hand size of six

3. Last Person who was ill is the first player

4. You win by having the most points at the end of the strock deck
4.1 The strock you have in a company can go up and down all game depending on what you and other players do, once the strock deck has been emptied then
whoever has the most strock in a company wins that company's point, furthermore whoever has the most points from all the companies wins the game

Cards consist of:
Characters: A selectable disease that you choose at the start of the game (Can be affected by mutations or events during the game)

	Strock Deck:
	Strock: Played during a players turn to increase strock into a company (they are colour coded based on the 4 colours of companies)
	AKA a tally for how much you have in said company
	Vaccine: Played under a company to reduce the strock intake by one
	Cure: Played to a company to remove one strock from each player in said company - Player must have one strock in said company
	
	The Table:
	Five cards from the Strock deck lay here facing up to be an alternative from picking from the strock deck

	Event Deck:
	Event: Picked up at the end of each turn to affect the player
	World Event: Picked up at the end of each turn to affect all players
	Mutations: Permanent change to a playable character

Departments have two companies listed underneath and players may put strock into any

Departments are (With companies to put strock into underneath):

Health(Green):
Hospital
Pharmacy
Dentist

Nautical(Blue):
Submarine
Cargo Ship
Yacht

Tranport(White):
Train
Bus
Car

Aviation(Yellow):
Planes
Helicopter
Rocket

Companies have an infinite amount of strock limit so a player can put as much as they want into a company, but it comes at a risk of losing points at the end from others